Add more manual steps in doc to support flux upgrade (#592)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/tasks/cluster/cluster-upgrades.md

__Upgrading an existing GitOps enabled cluster created by an older release of the EKS-A CLI (v0.5.0 and below) requires a manual update to the git repository structure.__ 
	
Before running the `upgrade` command on an existing GitOps enabled cluster, you must:

> 1. temporarily disable the EKS Anywhere webhook by 1) saving the eksa validating webhook locally 2) delete it in cluster

Reviewer: sub-bullets?

Author: will it be better to reflect the order using 1.2.3.4?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. temporarily disable the EKS-A validating webhook 
    - save the eksa validating webhook configuration to a local file 
    - delete the validating webhook from the cluster
```

Author: ah!

    ```sh
    kubectl get validatingwebhookconfigurations.admissionregistration.k8s.io eksa-validating-webhook-configuration -n eksa-system -oyaml > eksa-validating-webhook.yaml
    kubectl delete validatingwebhookconfigurations.admissionregistration.k8s.io eksa-validating-webhook-configuration -n eksa-system
    ```

> 2. move the eksa cluster config into a subdirectory under the management cluster's root level, following the [repo directory convention]({{< relref "./cluster-flux/#create-gitops-configuration-repo" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. move the EKS-A cluster configuration file into a subdirectory under the management cluster's root level, following the [repo directory convention]({{< relref "./cluster-flux/#create-gitops-configuration-repo" >}})
```

Reviewer: what's our convention/preference for the name?
EKS-A
EKS-Anywhere
eks-a

> 3. update the `clusterConfigPath` field of the `GitOpsConfig` of the `eksa-cluster.yaml` to reflect the new path of the `eksa-system` directory. For example:

Reviewer: the user would user would probably want to use `kubectl edit` here, right?

Author: oh no, it's still the Git repo thats being edited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the version controlled cluster configuration file, `eksa-cluster.yaml`, so that the `clusterConfigPath` field of the `GitOpsConfig` reflects the new path of the `eksa-system` directory. For example:
```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/v1alpha1
    kind: GitOpsConfig
    metadata:
      name: management-cluster
    spec:
      flux:
        github:
          clusterConfigPath: clusters/management-cluster/management-cluster # old: clusters/management-cluster
          ...
    ```

> 3. wait till the change is reflected in the cluster, then recreate the eksa validating webhook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. wait untill the change is reflected in the cluster, then recreate the EKS-A validating webhook
```

    - save the eksa validating webhook configuration to a local file 
    - delete the validating webhook from the cluster
    ```sh
    kubectl get validatingwebhookconfigurations.admissionregistration.k8s.io eksa-validating-webhook-configuration -n eksa-system -oyaml > eksa-validating-webhook.yaml
    kubectl delete validatingwebhookconfigurations.admissionregistration.k8s.io eksa-validating-webhook-configuration -n eksa-system
    ```
2. move the EKS-A cluster configuration file into a subdirectory under the management cluster's root level, following the [repo directory convention]({{< relref "./cluster-flux/#create-gitops-configuration-repo" >}})
3. update the version controlled cluster configuration file, `eksa-cluster.yaml`, so that the `clusterConfigPath` field of the `GitOpsConfig` reflects the new path of the `eksa-system` directory. For example:
    ```yaml
    apiVersion: anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/v1alpha1
    kind: GitOpsConfig
    metadata:
      name: management-cluster
    spec:
      flux:
        github:
          clusterConfigPath: clusters/management-cluster/management-cluster # old: clusters/management-cluster
          ...
    ```

> 4. wait untill the change is reflected in the cluster, then recreate the EKS-A validating webhook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. wait until the change is reflected in the cluster, then recreate the EKS-A validating webhook
```
